Catch up block height config option (#114)
ava-labs/awm-relayer: README.md

  `"supported-destinations": []string` 
  - List of destination subnet IDs that the source subnet supports. If empty, then all destinations are supported.

>   `"catch-up-block-height": integer`
>   - The block height at which to back-process transactions from the source subnet. If the database already contains a later block height for the source subnet, then that will be used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `"start-block-height": unsigned integer`
  - The block height at which to begin checking for Warp message to process from the source subnet. If the database already contains a later block height for the source subnet, then that will be used instead.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: I've gone back and forth a bit on whether I think specifying a height of a max number of blocks to process would be better here. I think for release, being able to set the height of the warp upgrade makes the most sense, but in the future, setting a max number of blocks might make more sense.

Author: That's an interesting idea. Especially since processing from height 0 is perfectly valid, specifying a limit (and having a default value) would be helpful. Created an issue to track this: https://github.com/ava-labs/awm-relayer/issues/127
